That's it for this module.
Lot of content covered, lot of advanced topics, lot of behind the scenes stuff, behind the scenes functionalities
of Flutter and how it works.
Hopefully, a module that helps you write clean code and understand how things work internally to optimize
your apps,
avoid bugs like here with the key and with the ListView
but of course I also know that this module can feel intimidating because you learned so many possible
optimizations and things that happen behind the scenes.
Therefore always remember this point which I showed you, missing a possible improvement doesn't automatically
result in a bad or laggy app and the same is by the way true for readability and understandability.
You might find code more readable if you have one large widget tree instead of using builder methods
and extracting different widgets and that can absolutely be fine.
Your approach should work for you and your team
and of course, you want to improve and optimize performance and you should therefore keep these patterns
in mind
but it's also fine to go through this module in the course and then over your app
once you're done with adding the core functionalities or to simply overlook something the first time
you're building your app and simply fix it later. So don't feel overwhelmed,
simply take this knowledge as a useful reference, this module here as a useful reference and hopefully,
you understand a bit better
what's Flutter doing and which way behind the scenes and what you should pay attention to and what you
don't really have to care about.